Ah!
Lord Zhang, why are you here? Why are you here?
Where is Qin Feng
There is a purpose above
Why didn't Qin Feng come forward and stop quickly?
Lord Zhang, Qin Qinfeng said
Qin Feng's hidden in the execution ground
What are you doing?
You fool
You dare to move the person the Emperor likes
Are you impatient?
You Qin Feng, Qin Feng
Why are you suffering?
Sun Gongzi clearly gave you a chance
You are courting death yourself
You are so charming to your noble son
Aren't you afraid of the consequences of being known by His Majesty?
Why haven't the mother's people come yet?
I'm not going to roll over, am I?
Joke
Why would the emperor pay attention to me, a little ninth-grade county official?
Besides, what are you?
Also delusional JD.com
Your Majesty, what are you?
I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with you
Come wake up
Nonsense you will regret it
Hmph, keep these words to the King of Hell
cut
Stop
Hey, who are you?
Dare to stop this officer from executing
I am Zhangzi, what do I care about you?
Dare to disturb the executioner
Somebody take it for me
Bold
This general is His Majesty's royal bodyguard
This time I was ordered to announce the decree
How dare you attack this general
Could it be that you want to rebel?
What edict